Behavioral Questions - Star pattern
What’s a time of Conflict between a teammate to implement a pattern
Why do you want to work here? ​I’ve lived in washington for 19 years and have seen t-mobile grow to a massive impressive company it is today. The growth has always been impressive to me, from the networking to the management, and even as a customer. I’ve also met John legere multiple times in here in downtown Bellevue, it’s motivating to see him every time as he’s so positive, passionate, and motivated and really moved the company forward. Being part of t-mobile would be something I would be proud of and proud to work for.
Why this position? (Why Software Engineer?) ​Because love engineering, love creative work, Coding is an art or craft, not just engineering. It’s why I choose computer science as my major.
What was a time you faced a group issue and how did you solve it?​>During my mobile applications class, we were connecting to API’s to fetch lyrics, based on a combination of strings as a project app in android studio. The API we were using could only grab lyrics one at a time, we had to go back start over and look for a new API to use with the code we wrote, while also trying to discover the bug. This was a setback, as there was time constraints, so I used agile principles as well as seducing a meeting to talk out the best way forward. We discussed and compared trade offs, in the end we found a way to divide our work evenly based on our skill set. In the end we found a solution through research, looking for a new API(spotify), and unit testing.
Where would you like your career at X company to take you?​ ​What would you want to acquire from this position?​ Lifelong successful career, Knowledge, learn more about cutting-edge technology, talk about you like learning., Sense of achievement, conquer those tough problem., Improvement on personal ability on multiple aspects.
What should you do if you have different opinion with your colleague?
Talk about your opinion, do not hide your idea. Make sure your idea is reasonable, has enough resource to support it. But the way to talk should be careful. Show your opinion and discuss or compare the trade-off on different idea. Think about another side, consider if you were that person.
How would you convince other people to adopt your suggestion?​Think wider, diversity of solution.Evidence search.
         
What would you do if your boss did something 100% wrong?​Depend on the character of your boss,Different way for different boss But final purpose is point it out. Because you cannot veil the wrong thing.
Have you ever made a mistake? How did you handle it?
Whenever I make personal mistakes or with people I make sure to investigate the reason it happened in the first place to prevent it from happening again. What's your most challenge project or achievement? ​Creating my first large scale project and proving my knowledge alone. (power paint)Background of where you were at the start of this project. General nature of the project. Results from the project, so that this is concluding the basics of the story. Explain where I had problems and difficulties in getting this done, what did I do to conquer them and what other changes I'd make if I was in a similar situation now. What would you do if you're facing something impossible?​ For example, a challenge thing but near the deadline.Communication, don't avoid difficulties, don't beat around the bush
Have you did more than was required during doing a project?​Yes, but not too much than required. You shouldn't forget this is a team project.
Tell me about how you worked effectively under pressure? ​I remember to focus as hesitation, fear, and stress caused by pressure never have led to good results. There’s a lot of self trust.
How do you handle a challenge/STRESS?​ Give an example.
With good time management, and planning for things days before they are finished. At UW I saved myself from a lot of stress unlike my peers during big projects. Even though I was confident I could finish a long programming assignment if pulled more time, I always prefer starting on assignments early so I would have more control of the assignment if I didn’t know how to do something. By being effective with my time, I was able to have more control of my assignments, thus reducing the amount of bugs and being able to balance and prioritize areas of the project that need more work.